My blog	
TRENDING SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 2018
Home Trending Software Technologies 2018
Trending Software technologies vary every year in IT field according to its need. As a Software engineering professional or a fresher, it is important to know about the Top Trending Software Technologies in 2018. Hence after surveying the latest trend happening on top websites like Quora, Forbes, Techgig and Techlearning here are the complete list of Top Trending Software Technologies in 2018.This post will provide you the complete details about the Salary Range, Job Opportunities, Skills and the Certifications required to get YOUR DREAM JOB easily. 
List of Top 8 Trending Software Technologies in 2018 
Amazon Web Services(AWS)
Big Data Hadoop
DataScience
Python Programming Language
Android App Development
Software Testing (Manual/Automation)
Angular4 & NodeJS
ASP.NET MVC
Amazon Web Services
Amazon Web Services (AWS) a cloud computing platform which provides the mix of services such as IaaS, PaaS and SaaS which helps in cloud infrastructure, Platform, and Software. This secure cloud services platform helps your business grow by providing the power, database storage and content delivery. AWS Cloud Service Platform is launched in the year 2002 by Amazon.com. Amazon built this platform to handle its own retail application.Our AWS training program helps you to learn the important services of AWS which IT industry is mostly using. You can also able to have a free discussion with our AWS trainer.
AWS Certifications
AWS Certifications 
GET FREE AWS DEMO
BigData Hadoop
Apache Hadoop which is commonly called as Hadoop or Big Data Hadoop is an open source framework developed by Apache Software Foundation. Big Data Hadoop is a trending field in Information Technology, even NDTV news states that Big Hadoop Jobs are in High demand. Companies like HCL, Amazon, IBM are among the top recruiters of Big Data Hadoop Developers.Domains Hiring BigData Developers
BigData Developer Skills
The skills that companies are expecting from a Hadoop developer is as follows,
Apache Hadoop
Apache Spark
Machine Learning
General Purpose Programming Languages
Our Hadoop training program will help you learn Apache Hadoop from the basics with practical. You can easily be a Professional Hadoop Developer with all the above skills after the completion of the course. 
GET FREE BIGDATA HADOOP DEMO
Data Science
Data Science is the hottest field in the Information Technology today. To become a data scientist you need to be highly qualified and must have in-depth knowledge of Mathematics & statistics, Programming skills and Business knowledge. As programming skills, a Data Scientist must have knowledge of Python, Java, C/C++, Big Data Hadoop, SQL.To be more statistical Data Science is ranked as No.1 in the 50 Best Jobs by the survey posted by Glassdoor.
Top companies hiring Data Scientist
Google
Yahoo
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Amazon
Apple
eBAY
Bank of America
Teradata
SAS
Tata Consultancy Services
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Capgemini
HP
Wipro Technologies
HCL Technologies
And more than 8k companies looking for Data Scientists.
Data Scientist Skills
Data Scientist Skillset 
Read here the complete post to know more about DataScientist Skill SetJoin our Data Science training program to equip all the Mathematics & Statistics, Programming Skills and Business Knowledge from experts. 
GET FREE DATA SCIENCE DEMO 
Python Programming Language
What is Python?
Python is simple and easy to learn high-level programming language which is also object-oriented like Java. The easy to use syntax makes Python the trending software programming language. Once you have learned it, then definitely you'll fall in love with Python because of the features, productivity it provides and also Python had high-level build in data structure which also combines with dynamic binding & typing makes it enchanting.Our Python Training program in will help you to learn python from basics to advanced topics in a practical manner.
Job Opportunities for Python Programmers in India
Job Opportunities for Python Developers in India
Python Developer Salary in India
Python Programmer Salary in India 
GET FREE PYTHON DEMO 
Android App Development
Android App Development is an every green trending field in IT. To be statistical according to the survey result from appbrain the total amount of Android app published in Playstore is exceeding 50,000 per month. You can create your own Android app using different programming languages like Java, Python and many.Our Android app development training program will help you to learn how to develop your own Android App from basics.
Job Opportunities for Android Developers in India
Job Opportunities for Android Developers
Android App Developer Salary in India
Android Developer Salary in India 
GET FREE ANDRIOD DEMO 
Automation Testing
Software Testing is the process of verifying and validating an application and ensuring the quality, performance of the software or application. Hence there is always a need for Manual, Automation testers in the IT Industry because of the huge growth of Software Development field.Manual Testing is defined as validating the application manually with help of the test case without any involvement of Automation Softwares. There is always a huge number of vacancies available for Freshers in the industry for Manual Tester Designation. As a Manual Tester your career growth is 100% ensured, Software Tester Career Path (Infographic) will give you the crystal clear picture from the beginner level Manual Tester to Test Manager.Job Opportunities for Selenium TesterAutomation Testing is the process of testing the given application automatically with the help of the test scripts. Here the quality and the effectiveness of the tested application is assured while comparing with manual testing. The application can be automatically tested for Load, Stress and Performance. Selenium is an open source automation testing tool which is widely used in the testing field because it can able to run in many browsers and software. Learn Selenium with Java from scratch to avail vast number of vacancies from small, medium and large-scale software development companies.Automation Tester Salary in India
GET FREE SELENIUM AUTOMATION DEMO 
Angular 4 & NodeJs
What is Angular 4?
Angular 4 is the latest version which overcomes few issues of Angular 2. It is easy to build a web-based application with the help of this Angular 4 platform. This whole series of Javascript frameworks from AngularJS, Angular 2 and Angular 4 delegates the developers to create the web-based application which suits for Mobile, Web and for the desktop.Learning Angular 4 with the basics of Javascript will help you to develop your career from the basic level to the advanced level web developer. Most of the companies around have started to shift their web development projects in Angular series.For Your Information;
Here are the Top 10 Apps/Websites Developed with Angular 4
The Guardian
Paypal
jetBlue
Lego
iStock Photo
Upwork
Netflix
Freelancer
Weather
Youtube for PS3
Job Opportunities for Angular 4
Job Opportunities for Angular4 Developer
What is Node Js?
Node Js is a cross-platform runtime environment which is designed for developing Networking & Server Side applications. This open source server framework uses an event-driven, non-blocking IO model which makes it lightweight and efficient.To be simple;Node Js = Runtime Environment + Javascript LibraryUsing Node Js
Easily create Dynamic Page content.
Read, Write, Delete, Open the files on the server.
In database using Node Js you can easily add, delete and modify the data.
Learn Node JS in Credo Systemz with real time project to experience the power of creating the web applications with better performance. 
GET FREE ANGULAR 4 DEMO 
ASP.NET MVC
The ASP.NET MVC is a framework which provides an alternative to the ASP.NET Web Forms to create web applications. This MVC architecture will separate the application into three different components such as Model, View, and Controller. MVC standard design pattern is the lightweight framework which is integrated with the ASP.NET features. Developer have huge benefit in creating the web pages in MVC framework, because it makes the development easier by splitting the application.To be statistical according to builtwith trend there are 757,533 active websites using ASP.NET MVC & 1,553,653 websites that have used ASP.NET MVC. If this much amount of websites are using ASP.NET MVC then think about the opportunities available for an MVC developer.Here is the graph of websites which uses ASP.NET MVC:Domains Using ASP.NETWebsite using framework technologies:Statistics for website using framework technologiesLearn ASP.NET MVC from real time experienced MVC developers. 
GET FREE ASP.NET MVC DEMO 
These top trending software courses/technologies 2018 will help you to easily get your dream job with high pay scale as you expected. Credo Systemz one of the leading software training institutes in India provides classroom, online and corporate training program for individuals which guide them to get the Important Certifications for Career Change.
CREDO SYSTEMZ – VELACHERY
New # 30, Old # 16A, Third Main Road,
Rajalakshmi Nagar, Velachery,
(Opp. to Murugan Kalyana Mandapam),
Chennai - 600 042.
Mobile: +91 9884412301
Email: info@credosystemz.com
Web: www.credosystemz.com

CREDO SYSTEMZ – OMR
Plot No.8, Vinayaga Avenue,
Rajiv Gandhi Salai, (OMR),
Okkiampettai,
Landmark - Okkiyampet Bus Stop,
Next to Buhari Hotel,
Chennai – 600 097.
Mobile: +91 9600112302

Copyright 2019 CREDO SYSTEMZ | All Rights Reserved.

BECOME AN INSTRUCTOR
